This directory contains Yoruba data scraped from web pages using
scripts from https://github.com/forkunited/LanguageSearch that perform
a breadth-first search from seed pages using Apache Nutch 
(https://nutch.apache.org), terminating at pages whose language
is not Yoruba according to Langid.py 
(https://github.com/saffsd/langid.py).

The data is organized into the following subdirectories:

- *LanguageSearch*:  Contains all scraped Yoruba and non-Yoruba 
data.  The 'yo' subdirectory contains the Yoruba data, and the
'other' subdirectory contains the non-Yoruba data.  Within these
subdirectories, there are directory structures that mirror the
directory structures of the scraped websites, and at the bottom 
of these structures, there are "info", "dist", and "text" files.
"text" files contain just the text content from the websites, 
"dist" files contain the posterior over possible languages 
computed by the language identification model, and "info" 
files contain all the sites' HTML along with a bunch of other 
meta-data generated by the Nutch crawler.


- *LangId*:  Contains a langid.py language-identification model
retrained from NAACL and Yoruba data in the 'train/merged' 
subdirectory.

- *NutchCrawl*: Contains source Apache Nutch data from which
the directory structure in the 'LanugageSearch' is constructed.
The 'seed' subdirectory contains the initial seed URLs from which
Apache Nutch starts searching.  'urls' contains files with
urls scraped at each iteration of the search.  'crawl' contains
databases of scraped data from each iteration, and 'visited' 
contains a merged database of all searched URLs.

See either /cab0/wmcdowel/muri/Projects/LanguageSearch/ or 
the https://github.com/forkunited/LanguageSearch repository for scripts
used to generate this data.